Okay,
guys,
welcome back.
Now,
the more astute of you will have noticed through all of the exercises so far in this
section that we've used for you Look up on reviews it pretty powerfully so far.
But you will have noticed with the look up that we will look here on it will read data from
across here.
Or we can look here on it will read data going across here.
Or it can look here everyday to going across here or look here on going across here.
Now,
the common element in all of those is whenever you use a V look up,
you can only return values that lie to the right of your index.
OK,
so what would happen if we had another column in here,
perhaps with car registrations down here?
And you wanted to look up from this column.
But you wanted to return the value from here,
so you would be looking to the left.
Now,
you cannot do that with the looker,
but luckily,
you can do it in Excel on.
That's gonna be the subject of the next lecture.
Okay,
See you there.